d:\Users\lorryyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyProjiect\MyProjiect\bin\Debug\MyProjiect.exe.config
d:\Users\lorryyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyProjiect\MyProjiect\obj\Debug\MyProjiect.Form1.resources
d:\Users\lorryyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyProjiect\MyProjiect\obj\Debug\MyProjiect.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Users\lorryyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyProjiect\MyProjiect\obj\Debug\MyProjiect.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\Users\lorryyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyProjiect\MyProjiect\bin\Debug\MyProjiect.exe
d:\Users\lorryyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyProjiect\MyProjiect\bin\Debug\MyProjiect.pdb
d:\Users\lorryyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyProjiect\MyProjiect\obj\Debug\MyProjiect.exe
d:\Users\lorryyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyProjiect\MyProjiect\obj\Debug\MyProjiect.pdb
d:\Users\lorryyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyProjiect\MyProjiect\obj\Debug\MyProjiect.App.resources
d:\Users\lorryyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyProjiect\MyProjiect\obj\Debug\MyProjiect.MusicFm.resources
d:\Users\lorryyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyProjiect\MyProjiect\bin\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
d:\Users\lorryyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyProjiect\MyProjiect\bin\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
d:\Users\lorryyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyProjiect\MyProjiect\obj\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
d:\Users\lorryyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyProjiect\MyProjiect\obj\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
d:\Users\lorryyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyProjiect\MyProjiect\obj\Debug\MyProjiect.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
d:\Users\lorryyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyProjiect\MyProjiect\obj\Debug\MyProjiect.MovieFm.resources
d:\Users\lorryyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyProjiect\MyProjiect\obj\Debug\MyProjiect.FoodFm.resources
d:\Users\lorryyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyProjiect\MyProjiect\obj\Debug\MyProjiect.FoodZcfm.resources
d:\Users\lorryyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyProjiect\MyProjiect\obj\Debug\MyProjiect.meau.resources
d:\Users\lorryyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyProjiect\MyProjiect\obj\Debug\MyProjiect.Playgame.resources
d:\Users\lorryyi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MyProjiect\MyProjiect\obj\Debug\MyProjiect.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
